This person is Chun Lan, a maid from the Xingfu Palace.
The old servant saw her acting suspiciously in the Imperial Garden that day.
Her behavior was very suspicious.
So I brought her back to the Cining Palace for questioning.
Chun Lan, tell everything you saw that day in detail.
That day, I unintentionally saw
the concubine's personal maid, Bi Yuan,
making a transaction with a young eunuch
in the rockery of the Imperial Garden.
Bi Yuan
took a human-shaped doll from that young eunuch.
How dare you!
Chun Lan, this is a serious crime of deceiving the emperor.
Speak clearly!
Shameless!
Chun Lan, continue.
At first, I didn’t pay much attention,
thinking it was just about some amulet or charm.
She liked dolls.
But then, I noticed several times
that after the Emperor left,
the concubine would be alone with Bi Yuan in the palace,
with all doors and windows tightly shut.
Moreover,
I once heard
from outside the palace that the concubine was talking with Bi Yuan about
contraband in the palace.
Did the Emperor hear that clearly?
There are too many doubts about this matter.
I need to investigate thoroughly.
We can’t conclude this matter hastily.
Don’t jump to conclusions.
It’s too early.
The Dragon Concubine’s use of dark arts to harm the Empress Dowager is well-founded evidence.
Do you still want to protect her in front of everyone?
I am not protecting the concubine.
It’s just that Chun Lan’s testimony is not yet verified.
It’s too trivial to convict the concubine based on this.
Hmph, there’s already a bloody lesson from the previous case.
The Emperor might wrongfully condemn the innocent again.
The Emperor may again wrongly judge someone.
Empress Dowager,
I dare to ask
for three days to investigate.
In three days,
I will clarify the situation.
Otherwise,
I will accept the consequences.